README.md, before:

# Flower Project

## Project Description

The flower project is to create a website where users are able to log in, have a specific portfolio section and make bouquets based on interest for their event. This website promotes DIY flower arrangement and accessibiliity to custom flowers for all socioeconomic backgrounds.

## Table of Contents

## Installation

Install Vite: https://vitejs.dev/guide/
Install TailwindCSS with Vite: https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/vite

## Technical Stack

This project used:

- Vite
- React
- JavaScript
- TailwindCSS
- MongoDB
- Someting something
- We added more things too!

## Credits

Header component styling inspired by Tailblocks: https://tailblocks.cc/
Hero component styling inspired by Tailblocks: https://tailblocks.cc/
Login page: https://tailwindcomponents.com/component/login-page-with-tailwind-css
Unsplash Image: https://unsplash.com/photos/person-holding-bouquet-of-flowers-isLn_yy6rYs
Coolors: https://coolors.co/6b531d-627914-132233-243853-97594a-dbdbd5-f4f4f4-eaecea-3f520d-e5e6df
Unsplash:https://unsplash.com/photos/red-white-and-green-bouquet-of-flower-Y0z2uQfVwFo

## License

None

Commit message:

debugging my Git and VS Studio Code

README.md, after:

# Flower Project

## Project Description

The flower project is to create a website where users are able to log in, have a specific portfolio section and make bouquets based on interest for their event. This website promotes DIY flower arrangement and accessibiliity to custom flowers for all socioeconomic backgrounds. There was a lot of debugging involved in this code.

## Table of Contents

## Installation

Install Vite: https://vitejs.dev/guide/
Install TailwindCSS with Vite: https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/vite

## Technical Stack

This project used:

- Vite
- React
- JavaScript
- TailwindCSS
- MongoDB
- Someting something
- We added more things too!

## Credits

Header component styling inspired by Tailblocks: https://tailblocks.cc/
Hero component styling inspired by Tailblocks: https://tailblocks.cc/
Login page: https://tailwindcomponents.com/component/login-page-with-tailwind-css
Unsplash Image: https://unsplash.com/photos/person-holding-bouquet-of-flowers-isLn_yy6rYs
Coolors: https://coolors.co/6b531d-627914-132233-243853-97594a-dbdbd5-f4f4f4-eaecea-3f520d-e5e6df
Unsplash:https://unsplash.com/photos/red-white-and-green-bouquet-of-flower-Y0z2uQfVwFo

## License

None
